#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
astroid==1.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.10.3
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
black==22.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
codecov==2.1.12
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
coverage==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   codecov
cryptography==38.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyopenssl
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
django==3.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
    #   django-capture-on-commit-callbacks
    #   django-choices
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markup
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-axes==5.36.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-capture-on-commit-callbacks==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-cors-middleware==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-markup[all_filter_dependencies]==1.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-privates==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-relativedelta==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-webtest==1.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   python-creole
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
drf-writable-nested==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
faker==15.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
freezegun==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   textile
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   markdown
    #   sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via sphinx
jq==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
jsonschema==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
markdown==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
notifications-api-common==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pep8==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
pip-tools==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
pylint==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
pyopenssl==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   zgw-consumers
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-creole==1.4.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.6
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
    #   vng-api-common
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
redis==4.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
regex==2022.7.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   textile
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   codecov
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
    #   zgw-consumers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
    #   bleach
    #   django-choices
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   pylint
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
textile==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   pep517
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
vng-api-common==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
zgw-consumers==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==22.2
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==63.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
